Hello bitches and it,
it's not so easy to sort out who's the good ones and who's the bad war.
Sort of like what you were talking about,
this people that have this simplistic idea that all you have to do is get Donald
Trump high on DMT and he's gonna see the light.
It's not necessarily the case,
not necessarily the case.
I think it would be wasted on him.
I think we would have to do at least at least an indwelling catheter,
maybe two or three hours of continuous DMT fusion that,
sorry,
sorry.
Wrong,
wrong term,
intravenous,
but it's very,
very Freudian.
He decided to go through his dick.
Right.
That is hilarious.
Not that we'll,
we'll go through the vein.
I don't know man.
I think you might have nailed it the first time.
Tom Might be the way to get it.
Maybe the way to get it to them in some perfect Russian robot fuck doll who just
locks him up and you know,
right when he gets inside of her,
she gets him in full guard,
locks him in place and a catheter like delivery.
Wow.
Yeah.
Maybe they can program it like,
like Dmt,
like little nanobots that go right through the hole,
right through the penis hole right into the system.
They just run out of her right in there and he's ball.
He just takes off.
But again,
there has to be something there.
Somebody animate that have an effect.
Please.
So many anime thing.
I know there's somebody out there that wants to,
that do it
the way to do it.
Just some perfect,
Huh?
Super Hot.
10 Russian hooker looking chick.
No offense to Russian hookers,
right?
Or Donald Trump or Donald Trump.
Even.
Look,
Donald Trump was a baby at one point in time.
You know,
and you and I,
we both have children.
We know this.
It's a delicate process of turning an adult,
uh,
making an adult out of a child.
And a lot of factors come into play,
but almost all babies are born.
Well,
they'd certainly have their own personality.
They're in many ways a blank slate.
And so they're in a lot of ways,
a victim of the environment that they're raised in.
And that's one of the weird things that I've developed in my own self over the
last few years is just thinking about people as babies.
I think of everyone has a baby now.
Like since I've had kids,
I don't,
I mean obviously I think of them as being adults,
but I think of them as an adult that used to be a baby and I never used to do
that before I had children.
I used to think of people as being in a static state.
I mean,
you and I go,
well,
this is Dennis Mckenna.
This is how Dennis Mccann has always been,
and now I go,
oh,
Dennis used to be a little boy.
You know,
Dennis was a baby.
He used to,
you know,
and then he saw a lot of things in the land,
a lot of things.
But you know what I mean?
I know Trump,
he's almost as much of a victim as he is of a perpetrator.
In a way.
He is.
If Trump's a good example of somebody,
I mean in some ways he's still a child.
I know he never really grew up.
I mean that's part of the problem.
They'll and everyone,
because he has so much power and money,
everyone kowtows to his impulses.
But you know,
I mean in some ways like Jared and Ivanka or maybe a stabilizing influence on
him,
although,
although even though I'm sure there are agendas,
totally evil as well,
so confused at,
they definitely don't deserve the amount of power that they're wielding,
nor does anybody.
What's,
what's more fascinating about him than anything is that what he holds up to the
golden standard is success,
right?
I mean,
this is the guy that,
you know,
everything has to have his name on it.
So on Trump this and Trump that,
and if you looked at like the great American vision of success,
it's to become some sort of super rich ultra billionaire.
But even though everybody knows he's a super rich ultra billionaire,
he still is deceptive about his own success.
He still has to lie about it.
He still has to distort it far past,
whether it's the numbers that came to the inauguration,
whether it's the numbers that he won the electoral college by.
He lies about all these different things.
And it's an,
it's inherent.
It's a part of him,
this intense lack of satisfaction with any result,
any,
any result,
even if it's winning by a mile,
he must win by a hundred miles.
Right.
You know,
and that's childish.
That's like a intense,
but it's that same intense dissatisfaction that's inherently very dangerous in a
leader because it's leading him to make these,
these critical judgments that aren't based entirely on reality,
but rather an di what he wants people to perceive.
Right.
That,
that's quite right.
I think that's dangerous.
That's what we were saying before.
No thoughtfulness.
There's no thoughtfulness on the man.
There's no reflection,
reflection,
a lack of humility.
So this is a,
this is not what you want and you know,
leaders,
because we see what's happening.
Like the,
you know,
um,
he's going back and forth with the Soviets.
He's going back and forth with North Korea and it's like a schoolyard spat,
you know,
but these people have nuclear weapons to throw,
so we need to back off from that.
Donald,
you know,
it's just,
but he can't do that cause he has to respond.
He has this impulse to respond.
I mean,
I think that,
uh,
you know,
I don't know.
I mean it,
he's not going to be exposed to Iowasca pretty sure unfortunately.
Cause it would help him.
And uh,
you know,
what,
what is disturbing to me,
many things about Donald and this sort of reality distortion and he's created
his people,
you know,
they take it seriously.
I mean,
they're sort of like intimidated by it.
None of them.
People are standing up and saying,
well,
this is not true.
This is not true.
You're completely diluted about this here.
You know?
Uh,
I mean,
there's a some sort of impulse to show some risks backed when no respect is,
is,
do you know,
I mean,
respect for the office,
the Office for whatever,
some,
but then when he comes out with these things that are obviously not true,
I'm sorry.
There are no alternative facts.
Alternative facts are lies.
There's only fas are candy coating of bullshit.
Alternative facts is the most hilarious candy coating of bullshit ever.
My hope is that we get through this without nuclear war and then we realized
that we can't have a fucking president and the idea of having one alpha champ
run the entire group of 300 plus million people is insane and it doesn't work
when you have technology,
when you have this ability to communicate instantaneously,
globally with everybody constantly.
It's just,
it's an archaic idea that served its time but needs to be revamped.
How would you do that?
That's a really good question.
You know,
I'm not the guy that to be the architect of the future civilization,
but I would think that putting as much power as we put into one individual is
insanely problematic.
It's just you,
you,
you're dealing with all these ego issues,
decision making issues and also the camps that two separate camps,
the right left camp.
That's crazy too.
Right?
Right.
No,
I mean,
I think one way to approach it wouldn't have to be such a,
such a tremendous shift from what we've got would be to go to a parliamentary
system like Canada has,
for example,
where you represent your party and if the other party gets enough,
you know,
they can vote,
vote you out without going through the whole impeachment process.
There is no impeachment process.
The parties can form a coalition and vote the prime minister out,
you know?
And it's much easier to topple a government.
And in some ways that's a good thing.
You know,
it's more resilient and Canada's a good,
you know,
there are many parliamentary democracies,
but that's the one that's closest.
I think there's also an issue with dealing with the real problems of the world
in a,
in a time where they're the,
the realities of say,
Syria and what's going on over there are so horrific and they're so far removed
from the realities that we deal with here.
You,
you almost need to have someone who has some sort of experience with those
people and those lands to understand and put it into perspective.
Yeah.
And I think we're entirely lacking of that perspective.
Like a,
in terms of our culture,
I don't think we understand what a brutal military Terry dictatorship is.
Like.
I think we see it on television and it seems almost too abstract,
but the president has to deal with that in a,
in a very real way.
And then no one person can.
But that's what advisors are.
Exactly.
But if you don't have good advisors or if you choose to ignore them,
then you're in deep shit.
Right.
Or I mean,
I mean Donald appoints and visors who already share his delusions of course.
So there's nobody there to say,
wait a minute,
you're wrong.
You know,
and based on experience and expertise and all of this,
you're wrong and you need to rethink it.
That's what bothers me about one among many things about the ways that he
proceeds.
I mean,
you know,
the thing that bothers me most about the change in administrations is that they
have basically looked at climate change.
They said,
we don't believe it.
It's not happening.
We're not,
it's not even on the table.
And actually that needs to be the thing on the table.
That should be the primary thing we're talking about.
All this other stuff is important,
but we're talking about the accelerating changes that are,
that are essentially under,
under mining the mechanisms that keep,
uh,
the earth habitable by life.
This is a pretty important issue.
And to have people that say,
well,
it isn't,
you know,
we don't believe in climate change.
Well I'm sorry,
climate change is real.
I don't care what the fuck you believe it is real.
And for,
for this administration to not only ignore it but then roll back all these other
measures that were put into place is,
uh,
you know,
it's just the stupidest idea.
I can imagine not just roll back,
but removing the funding for monitoring.
Yeah.
Remove,
which is really scary.
Suppressing the information and all this.
So,
you know,
if you look at the people in the,
in the Trump administration,
they're either from the energy industry,
Rex Tillerson,
you know,
I think the government has become essentially a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil and
Oh,
and not the other way around.
And so you know,
that's a,
that's what they're doing and that's terrifying.
You know,
it's Goldman Sachs or Exxon Mobil.
I mean,
corporations run the world.
We've known this for a long time.
Governments are just,
puppets does this.
In some ways it's this,
it's just too eerily parallel to what we're talking about with the rain forest,
with all these,
all this potential in the rain forest and almost this race,
the race to see like,
can we get to these incredible new plants that we haven't discovered before?
We fuck it up by cutting down all the hardwoods and burning all the forest.
Can we get to this potential future utopia of people being able to read each
other's minds?
Being able to communicate simultaneously all throughout the,
of understanding each other regardless of language.
Can we get to that before we blow ourselves up before we get into a nuclear war
with fucking North Korea and it is crazy shit,
right?
This insane administration that's existing in this sort of chaotic manner
alongside some of the brightest minds and most innovative people that have ever
walked the face of the planet that are influencing things in a way today that
it's really unparalleled in terms of human history,
the potential that any new invention or innovation can enact,
whether it's understanding new compounds that we discovered in the rain forest
or some new technology that's made in Silicon Valley.
I mean,
it's an amazing,
amazing parallel.
Yeah,
no,
I agree.
It does seem like it does seem like a race in some ways between idiocy and
genius.
Yeah.
They're incredibly brilliant people and they're developing,
and I mean,
there are solutions to the problems that face us.
Right?
But they have,
on the other side,
you have the,
no,
nothing's,
you know,
horror marching into the future.
Eyes firmly fixed on the rear view mirror.
It's like,
oh yeah,
coal technology.
That's the greatest thing.
Let's go back to that.
I mean,
is that stupid or what?
You know,
coal technology is obsolete.
It's stupid.
You know,
there are better solutions,
you know,
or the whole attitude toward drugs.
All the war on drugs.
The war on drugs was great.
Let's go back to that.
I mean these are people who are not living in the present for one thing,
not planning for the future and they don't really want to know.
It's like our minds are made up.
We know drug abuse has got to be bad,
so let's prohibit it.
Let's go back to the old model.
They're not capable of entertaining new ideas and that's a problem.
You know,
what do you think about the idea and then I've,
I've heard this brought up and I've,
I've entertained at my own self that maybe we need some sort of enemy or some
sort of thing to resist in order to rise to the full potential of innovation,
of ideas of that we almost need some sort of mountain to conquer.
We need some sort of a force to be aware of.
It really makes people rise up.
Like I've,
I've seen more,
more people politically active and politically engaged now post election than I
ever did before the election because I didn't expect Trump to win.
Right.
And now that he did,
it's like,
it's raised up this resistance to this insane level that I've never experienced
before in my life.
I mean,
it feels to me like Kent State all over again.
It feels no where we,
it was a real shock that he won.
And it's,
yeah,
I agree.
It's been a wake up call.
So now there is this strong resistance,
um,
movement.
Um,
and they're,
and,
and that's a good thing that that's happened that also journalism.
How suddenly found itself again,
you know,
some journalists,
some sectors of it are beginning to,
you know,
for so long they were essentially stenographers.
They would repeat whatever the mouthpieces of the government.
Now the journalists are questioning everything and asking tough questions of
these clowns and expecting answers.
And it's kind of like,
you know,
when I was young,
I wanted to be a journalist.
Right?
I thought Walter Cronkite was the pet cats pajamas.
I wanted to be like him.
I wanted,
or I wanted to be a foreign correspondent.
You know,
I just admire journalism.
And for a long time I have not found anything to admire in it.
It's like they're,
they've all been lobotomized or something,
but they're rediscovering it,
you know,
the good ones are rediscovering it and the reemergence of investigative
journalism.
And right now I think that's the,
you know,
that's our best hope because I think that,
uh,
these guys,
they'll just keep digging.
There's going to be so much bad stuff come up about Trump and the oldest
collusion with the Russians and,
you know,
um,
potentially enough to impeach him.
And the question is,
will the Republicans find enough and enough spine to,
uh,
you know,
to do that?
But they did with Nixon.
Yeah.
You know,
and I think some,
I mean,
what he did was not nearly as bad as what Trump is doing,
and so we'll see where it goes.
But,
you know,
shameless in a way that Nixon never watched shameless.
And,
and,
uh,
you know,
I,
I take a certain comfort in the thought that,
uh,
you know,
they have all these draconian things they want to do,
roll back all the environmental regulations,
whole immigration thing,
uh,
you know,
Warren trucks,
but none of it is going to happen.
None of it actually will happen with the stuff's pretty real here in California.
I mean,
I see showing up at home depots,
they showed up at home depot is,
I have a friend who was born in America,
he's Mexican and a,
they asked him where he was born.
They pulled me,
he's a veteran and he knew like how to deal with this.
And he knew what's legal and what's not.
And He,
you know,
a grown man,
he's in his fifties and they a citizen and a citizen and a veteran.
I mean,
he served the country in,
in our Iraq.
And so they're coming up to him and ask him,
you know,
where are you born?
And he's like,
you can't ask me that.
I was like,
you don't,
you're not allowed to ask me where I'm born.
And then,
you know,
he says,
who are you?
And like,
what,
you know,
we're immigration and whatever the ice stands for.
And he goes,
let me see some documentation.
The guy shows him his badge and it's Kinda goes,
that's not your fucking documentation plot you God damn documentation.
And he pulls out his military id.
It's like,
look,
here's my documentation.
This is me.
Who the fuck are you?
Why are you asking people where they're born?
I was born in California.
Okay.
You're not allowed to just go up to people and ask them where they're born.
But people that don't know that they're,
they're getting arrested,
they're getting taken and they're getting deported.
They're taking people that are dropping off their children at school,
the grabbing people.
And there's a bunch of cases of this and you're just hearing about the cases
that get to the press,
right.
So many of them that you're never going to hear about.
And this is just rampant.
And this never existed before.
Not In the Bush administration.
No,
I mean,
not in Bush senior.
it just didn't happen before in any conservatives administration.
They didn't treat it like this.
This is a weird time.
Yeah,
it is a very weird time.
But I think it's temporary.
Well,
I hope so.
But what you said about journalism I think is important to point out that the,
they're just as they,
they fucked up just as hard with the left as they did with the right.
I mean,
they,
they let the Clintons get away with a lot of horse shit.
They gotta let Obama get away with a lot of horseshit.
They,
they,
they said talking points,
they were given talking points and they ran with those talking points so that
they would get access to the president and they would get access to congressmen
and the senators.
And they did it forever and it wasn't journalism.
And you're right.
And the,
they're the reason why this guy got into place in this,
in this situation right now,
it's just as much of a fault of them,
of not holding the left to the fire as it is to,
you know,
what's going on right now.
Yeah.
I mean,
journalism house a lot to answer for it.
There's no doubt about it.
I just have a,
you know,
maybe it's a delusion.
I would just,
I liked,
I would like to think that journalism is finding its voice and finding its
function.
Again,
it's function is to,
you know,
as somebody said,
I think it was,
I have stone,
you know,
the function is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.
Right.
And that's offense essentially the journalistic mandates or express the truth
and the truth,
speak the truth and form.
Don't assume,
you know,
play the propaganda game.
Be able to look beyond it and they have to be in this environment and the,
where people keep calling fake news,
they have to be undeniable.
And I think in that sense they are reinvigorated.
Yeah.
I mean that's one of the things that,
you know,
you're,
you're seeing that's one of the things that the times talked about,
like after it was over,
after the election was over,
they were like,
we are,
we're,
we're going to reinvigorate,
refocus our dedication on journalism.
Yeah.
And I think that's a good side.
Then the other side of it is that we can just,
you know,
the way the Trump administration proceeds with all these things,
they wanted to,
they inevitably just get bogged down in the litigation protest to the,
you know,
at some point they do have to answer to Congress.
So I think,
you know,
I'm,
the wheels were already coming off before even took the oath of office.
Yeah.
They've continued to come off and it's just going to get,
it's kind of like just a sort of a degenerate into litigation acrimony and the
ability to get anything passed,
uh,
you know,
which is all good.
I mean,
it's essentially,
in this case,
chaos is our friend because they won't be able to advance this draconian the
agenda.
Thank God.
And you know,
hopefully circumstances will enable us to get rid of them quickly.
Okay.